Hey, your feet stopped short!
What happened to your serve
receiving reflexes from yesterday?
You need to focus!
I've had enough of receiving.
We're running out of time, dude!
I wanna spike too! I wanna jump too!
Go jump around, then!
Hey, you guys.
I should give you fair warning.
Daichi is usually gentle, but he's
extremely scary when he gets angry.
I mean extremely.
We know.
It won't be good if he finds out about this practice.
It won't be good for me.
Not that I'm scared or anything.
Absolutely not. Not in the least.
Anyway, we're only ones that know about this extra-early practice, so make sure that you...
Oh? So you are practicing already.
Suga.
Hey.
But why...
He's a third-year.
Because you were clearly acting weird yesterday.
I mean, you asked to hold on to the keys
despite barely making it on time most days.
Relax. I won't tell Daichi.
This is like secret training or something. It's kind of thrilling.
The heat flickers
Sweat glitters on my skin
Shouts echo and shoulders hit
We asked the sky through the open window
Haikyuu !!
what our summer would be like
Tell me, Mr. Future
Come on, come on, come on
The chance is there
Do it together
Everybody always wants to stand there,
make mistakes, get angry, and struggle
We'll never give up
We don't want it to end
I will continue on with my imagination
I want to struggle and fall and become stronger
I want to persevere, stand back up, do it again,
and never give up
Let me run
I will run to where my imagination leads me
Episode Three:
A Formidable Ally
Come and get it!
Good, that was excellent.
Hinata, don't get distracted.
I want to hit the ball too.
Set for me too.
You love setting, don't you?
So set for me too!
Just one.
Hey, Hinata...
Just try me out once.
Hell no.
Come on! Quit being a spoilsport!
Yeah!
That one came right at you.
Sets and attacks only come after a receive.
Stop acting like you're hot shit
when you can't even manage that.
For the three-on-three match this Saturday,
I'm going to set for Tanaka as much as I can.
Let him do the attacking.
As for you, just try not to hold us down.
Will you set for me if I learn to receive properly?
I'll set for anyone I deem essential to winning.
But right now, I don't think you are.
Nasty!
What's it take to set him a few here and there?
We're almost out of time. We'd better clean up.
Crap.
Hurry!
Erase all evidence!
Tanaka, get a mop!
Damn it.
Okay!
Damn it!
Hinata,
lower your hips more, and hit it like you're sending it right back in the direction it came from.
Got it.
Here goes.
Oh, that was a good one.
Hey, Hinata.
Want me to set for you starting tomorrow morning?
Really? You will?
I'm Karasuno's starting setter, you know.
You want to practice spiking, right?
R-Right! I love spiking.
It feels great when you get one
just right. Above all, it's so cool!
Sounds like you've got quite the spiking fixation.
When I was junior high, I didn't even have
teammates until third year, let alone a setter.
My friend on the basketball team would set for me.
Crap. I'm sorry. I didn't mean for it to go there.
Even after I retired, I had first-years, volleyball moms, and setters from the girl's team set for me.
But while they were good friends of mine,
they were never really teammates.
So I was really looking forward to meeting the setter I'd have in high school.
You're such a let-down.
I had high hopes...
You suck.
...until I got here.
Like I said, I'm a setter too.
Don't worry. I'll set for you.
But if I make you set for me...
I'd kinda feel like I've lost.
Why do you keep getting in Kageyama's face?
Personally, I try to avoid getting on the bad side of good players as much as possible.
When I faced him in junior high,
he was great at everything he did.
And he was taller than me, to boot.
He was just so formidable.
I really hated it when he stood in front of me.
I understand how that must feel.
I came to Karasuno so I could beat him.
So is beating Kageyama all you want out of volleyball?
Um...
He's practicing on his lunch break?
I just want to be good enough to defeat Kageyama.
That way, I could stand on equal footing with all kinds of formidable opponents.
I wouldn't be easy to beat in a match.
I don't want to lose anymore.
I see...
So basically, you think Kageyama's
the best player in your grade, right?
R-Right...
He sure doesn't like admitting it.
But hey, if he was your most formidable opponent,
now he can be your most formidable ally.
I don't think you're essential to winning.
All right, let's get back to receiving!
Okay!
Thanks for taking out the trash!
One, two, three, four.
Five, six, seven, eight.
Two, two, three, four.
Now stretch! One, two, three, four.
Five, six, seven, eight.
Two, two, three, four.
Let's go.
Hey! Where to?
There's not enough room to play ball here.
I found a place we can practice.
Where?
Good job, Kageyama! Well done.
Where do you get off acting all high and mighty?
Don't get mad at every little thing.
Haikyuu !!
You guys sound sleepy.
Oh, y-you think so?
Maybe I studied too much.
I-I think I did too...
Yeah, right. Look who's talking!
Huh?
Excuse me.
Oh, hey. You made it.
These are the first-years who'll be joining us.
Normally, new members wouldn't join until next week,
but since we're having a match on Saturday, they'll be starting with us then.
That guy's huge.
Yeah.
Pleased to meet you.
Fight...
Don't just use your hands. Move your feet.
Come on. You need to focus.
I know that.
I'm gonna win this Saturday, be allowed into the gym,
and join this team for real.
Oh, I guess we also need to win so you can play setter.
If you know that, then focus!
I told you to take it easy when we practice outside!
It'll be fine as long as you receive properly.
Whatever, King.
Hey.
Crap.
What's his problem?
He gets mad every time I call him King.
It's a cool nickname, you know.
I hope I get a cool nickname too.
Just like the Little Giant.
"Wind of the Fast Wind."
Wait, that has "wind" twice...
"The Forest's..." No, doesn't work.
"The Jet Black..." Um...
"The Northeast's Swooping..."
Hey, let's get back to it.
O-Oh yeah. I wonder what our first-year opponents are like.
I guess it'll be easier than the third-years.
Who cares what they're like?
We have no option but to win.
Took the words right out of my mouth.
Don't you cluck your tongue at me.
Now bring it on!
Hey. You're not supposed to receive with your face.
I don't know why, but I just don't like those first-year newbies.
You say that every time you meet someone new.
I get it. That's how you're wired, right?
Oh, come on...
But I have to say, those guys were better than expected.
I'm a little worried about Saturday's match.
I-It'll be fine!
I'll be playing too, you know.
I guess. There's Kageyama too.
Equipment Room
m 846 373.5 l 844.5 460.5 1159.5 490.5 1161 406.5
Don't you think Kageyama's
mellowed out since junior high?
What? How has he mellowed out at all?
The guy's cocky as hell.
Hmm... how do I put this?
He had this unwavering confidence back when he was in junior high.
He was like this phenom...
Either way, he's cocky as hell.
Sorry about that.
I guess I asked the wrong guy.
Huh?
One...
One more.
Here goes.
Okay.
Go.
The back.
Got it.
Wow, you're really practicing outside.
Are you the first-years that stirred up trouble on the first day?
T-shirts? How lame.
H-Huge...
Give it back.
Don't you think it's about time
grade schoolers ran along home?
Who are you guys anyway?
Are you the other first-years joining the team?
Hey.
He's got height...
I was talking here—
How tall are you?
Hey.
Tsukki is 188 cm.
He'll be 190 soon.
190?
Why are you bragging?
Sorry, Tsukki.
You're Kageyama from Kitagawa First, aren't you?
What's an elite player like you doing at Karasuno?
Huh?
Hey.
We won't lose on Saturday, you hear me?
Oh, is that so?
It might be an important match for you two,
but it doesn't matter to me at all.
And I don't really care about winning or losing,
so if you two really need to win,
I can go easy on you if you like.
Say what?!
Whether you go easy or give it your all,
the bottom line is I'll win.
You mean "we"!
Amazing confidence!
You're the King, all right.
Hey. Don't call me that!
So it is true.
What?
The rumor that you lose it when
you're called the King of the Court.
What's wrong with King?
It's cool.
I think it suits you perfectly, King.
I should stay out of this.
What the hell do you want from me?
I watched the finals of the
prefectural qualifier tournament.
That was some egocentric setting.
I can't believe your teammates tolerated it,
because I just couldn't.
Oh, I get it!
I guess what happened was because
they couldn't tolerate it anymore, either.
Tsukki.
What's going on?
I don't know what they're talking about,
but why is he holding back on this creepy guy?
Tell him off like you usually would. Say something back at him!
Let's go.
Hey!
Running away?
I guess the King isn't all he's cracked up to be.
Maybe I'll beat the King this Saturday too.
Shut up with the King crap.
I'm here too.
I'll spike the ball over your head during the match!
Huh?
What? You got a problem?
You wanna fight, bastard?
Don't get so worked up.
Let's take it easy and have some fun.
It's only a practice match, after all.
What do you mean, "only"?
I mean exactly that.
See you later.
Hey! Stop!
Who are you guys?
Class 1-4, Tsukishima Kei.
I'm Yamaguchi Tadashi.
We're your teammates starting today.
Oh, but I suppose we're opponents for now.
I'm looking forward to seeing the King's sets.
See ya.
Man, those guys totally give me the creeps.
We've gotta beat the crap out of them.
I don't need you to tell me that.
Hey, where do you think you're going?
Huh?
We're not done yet.
Tsukki, wait up. Is something the matter?
Guys that get too worked up really get on my nerves.
Like the King...
and that shrimp...
You take too long to get in position! I told you to focus!
How much longer are they going to do this?
I know that.
Who knows?
I'm so sleepy I can't stand it.
King.
Hey, Kageyama.
It's too dark to see clearly.
Don't hit it so hard.
Sorry.
Scary. What's with him?
If he's sorry, then he sure doesn't look it!
His nerves have been on edge
ever since he met that big guy.
But if he doesn't set for me, I can't spike.
I'll do my best at receiving till he does.
All right. Do that again.
He couldn't handle a serve like that before.
Hey, don't go easy on me!
You asked for it!
Crap, I overslept.
I was runnin' down the road, tryin' to make it on time...
When I ran into Kiyoko with toast in her mouth...
I wish.
How long have they been at it?
It's been fifteen minutes since I got here.
Fifteen minutes straight?
Yeah.
What?
His outstanding agility makes up for his lack of skill.
But...
You must be at your limit now!
Let's wrap it up—
Not yet!
I haven't let the ball hit the floor yet!
Take that.
Wow, bad form! How's he supposed to get that?
Crap! I didn't mean that...
Hinata's had amazing agility since he was in junior high.
Huh?
That's not all, though.
I feel like he has the tenacity to become a winner.
It's not about being born with the right
physique or having superior athleticism.
His forte lies somewhere else.
"I can't take it anymore."
"I want to quit."
When faced with such thoughts, he can...
take that extra step.
He saved it.
That's amazing, Hinata!
I'll set for anyone I deem essential to winning.
But right now, I don't think you are.
I don't want to lose anymore.
We haven't lost yet.
A set?
Kageyama set for him.
Hinata is too worn out to spike, though.
He sure can jump.
He actually did it in that state.
And look how happy he is.
I think that meant something special to Hinata.
But while they were good friends of mine,
they were never really teammates.
We take for granted that a setter will set for us, but for him...
Hey.
Let's win tomorrow.
But hey, if he was your most formidable opponent...
Now he can be my most formidable ally.
O-Of course we will!
Tanaka, get some water! And a washrag!
Miyagi Prefectural Karasuno High School
Wait up, you idiot!
What's the point of getting worn out before the match?
You'd better rest up.
Damn...
That was a draw.
I won't ever lose to the likes of you.
But...
He's irritating, and pisses me off...
but he's going to set for me from now on.
A setter's gonna set for me!
You and I are gonna win today.
Let's get ready.
Yeah.
Morning, King.
This time...
I'm gonna break through any wall that stands in my way!
If I tell you this story,
I wonder if I can explain to you
my feelings
and the distance between us
Standing on an empty field
I breathe out into the night air
Countless times I swore that I would change
I stumbled and fell a lot,
but I swore I would laugh at the end
and not let my tears go to waste
There are so many dreams that can definitely come true
I always sat somewhere, downcast, dejected, depressed,
but still I decided I would fight,
and not let all my frustration go to waste
This is our revenge
Next Episode Preview
That Kageyama's not all he's cracked up to be.
He couldn't even talk back to you, Tsukki.
Shut up, Yamaguchi.
Sorry, Tsukki!
Well, let's see what the King is made of.
And that shrimp too.
Grrr!
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
Episode Four:
The View From the Summit
"The View From the Summit."